#EXTM3U url-tvg=https://bit.ly/3itZsSm
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gratis"  group-title="ONGIS-MBOIS", TIDAK UNTUK DIPERJUALBELIKAN
https://emoji.mrz.kn
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gratis"  group-title="ONGIS-MBOIS", GUNAKAN DENGAN BIJAK
https://yt.by.mrzdox
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gratis"  group-title="ONGIS-MBOIS", SUBSCRIBE YOUTUBE "ONGIS-MBOIS"
https://channel.mbed.cc/yt.php?id=kJktXIT2U8k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gratis"  group-title="ONGIS-MBOIS", SUBSCRIBE YOUTUBE "ONGIS-MBOIS"
https://channel.mbed.cc/yt.php?id=SwYO80ArYv4
http://api.mbed.cc/yt.php?id=SwYO80ArYv4


#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id-id/mncvision.id.epg.xml, https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/vidio.com.epg.xml, https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/transvision.co.id.epg.xml, https://macan.tv/xmltv.php?username=epg&password=epg, https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matthuisman/new.mjh.nz/master/au/melbourne/epg.xml" refresh="3600"

<---National TV--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Indosiar.png",Indosiar
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s04/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png",Trans TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",RTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/sctv.png",SCTV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s03/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg",Berita Satu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qdJUDL8.png",CNBC INDONESIA
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_kamiselaluada_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/thumb/e/eb/CNN_Indonesia.svg/1024px-CNN_Indonesia.svg.png",CNN INDONESIA
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_w1622709713_b192000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg",Jak TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_id.png",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png",MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png",SEA Today
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bali_tv_id.png",Bali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV_Timeshift/sa_dash_timeshift/BaliTV_Timeshift.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg",TVRI Nasional
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

<---News--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png",Aljazeera English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg",BBC World News Asia Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png",Bloomberg TV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_353.png",CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png",CNA
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png",CNBC Asia-Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg",CNN International Asia Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/euronews_fr.png",EuroNews English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png",Fox News Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg",France 24 English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg",NHK World Japan
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rt_ru_english.png",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trt_world_tr.png",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

<---Entertainment & Lifestyle--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.jpg",Asian Food Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png",HGTV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/discovery_channel.png",Discovery Channel Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png",History Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_202.png",National Geographic Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_204.png",National Geographic Wild Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png",ABC Australia Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png",Arirang World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_90.png",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.jpg",Lifetime Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_79.jpg",M Shop Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.jpg",M Shop Super Sale!
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShopSmart/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShopSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_86.png",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png",MNC Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.png",OK TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_164.png",ONE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg",TLC Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-5-monde-asie-fr.png",TV 5 Monde
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_94.png",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png",Xing Kong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

<---Knowledge--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_203.png",Animal Planet Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg",BBC Earth Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_112.png",Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_205.png",CGTN Documentary
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/logo-ci.jpg",Crime + Investigation Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd



<---Kids--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/baby_tv.png",Baby TV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_39.jpg",Boomerang South East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cartoon_network.png",Cartoon Network Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png",CBeebies Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_46.png",Kids TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/miawme150x150.jpg",Miao Mi
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg",Nick Jr.
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon South East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

<---Movies--->
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo.png",HBO Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_family.png",HBO Family Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_hits.png",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_signature.png",HBO Signature Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png",Animax Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg",AXN East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cinema_world_asia.png",Cinema World HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cinemax.jpg",Cinemax Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png",Galaxy
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png",Galaxy Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_160.jpg",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_169.png",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png",IMC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png",TVN Premium Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png",TVN Movies Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/warner_tv.png",Warner TV Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png",Zee Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

<---Music--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_111.png",Music TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

<---Sports--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg",BeIn Sports 1 Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-2.jpg",BeIn Sports 3 Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_102.jpg",MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png",MNC Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",MNC Sports 3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_307.png",SPOTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png",SPOTV 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

<---Religi--->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ewtn_us.png",EWTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_91.png",LIFE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_92.png",Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png",Quran TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/reformed_21_id.png",Reformed 21
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Reformed21/sa_dash_vmx/Reformed21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_105.png",Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv9_surabaya_id.png",TV 9 Nusantara
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-mu-id.png",TV Mu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd


<---VIDIO--->

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",SCTV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=sctv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Indosiar
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=indosiar
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Trans TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=transtv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Trans 7
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=trans7
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",O Channel
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=ochannel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",NET
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=nettv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Metro TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=metrotv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Kompas TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=kompastv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Rajawali TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=rtv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",TVRI Nasional
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=tvri
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Berita Satu News
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/6165/index.m3u8?token=1999
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Jak TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=jaktv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",O Shop
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=oshop
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",My TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=mytv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Nusantara TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=nusantaratv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=daaitv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Magna Channel
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=magnatv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="VIDIOx",Mentari TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio4/master.m3u8?channel=MENTARITV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/el4gofT.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Citra Culinary & Travel
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=citraculinary
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ibh5oCE.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Citra Entertainment
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=citraentertainment
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KiRHdpz.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Citra Drama
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=citradrama
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/lN20Oy7.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Citra Bioskop
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=citrabioskop
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X5hWh3L.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Pet TV
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=pettv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ffWoTF9.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Champions TV 1
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=championstv1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/r2aPCX8.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Champions TV 2
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=championstv2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/26Jar5R.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Champions TV 3
https://ott-navigator.my.id/vidio/vidio_master.m3u8?channel=championstv3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/champions3.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Champions TV 4
https://cutt.ly/mKfQr5M
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/champions3.png" group-title="VIDIOx",Champions TV xtra
https://cutt.ly/JKfQiyN

<---EXTRA--->

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA" tvg-logo="https://new.mjh.nz/.images/abc-kids.png",ABC Kids
https://c.mjh.nz/abc-kids.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA" tvg-logo="https://new.mjh.nz/.images/abc-me.png",ABC ME
https://c.mjh.nz/abc-me.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Baby Bus
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx6rSEliEbOzFG_DuBQ7bXLw/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",LARVA 
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx_aIMNYCbU-vFoou1iHRZ0k/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Mr. Bean 
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx5fEP_LRmKDT4eaPFQK61lA/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Oddbods 
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx3CzVn28o0I_Pms4Iem25NU/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",PAW PATROL 
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx5KjxBetz4dKR6g-T7GB_jY/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Okey TV
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx7sbMPwlteyDLLE5iDql9xU/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",8TV
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx6FTQdufXFcHFshhXC50nz8/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",TV 3
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIxwcGGodeidRnTnqZ76PQO6c/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",IQIYI
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx8HFQUUBJuFBcvC1z4st7T0/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",CERIA
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx_FFISYkg2ZiIXdjVx4D7jg/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",USA Network
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx24u_QalLsq5rYPJUyze38w/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",CBS Network
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx2JDK-_60Ydvz3qei8mXmzA/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",FLIK
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIx1dCIgvK3o6qr0CPrlb1ixs/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",&FLIX
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIxwoOJRTRs1b-dcG84gXliYY/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",&PRIVE
http://corner-tv.web.id:25461/play/liBOOS4rWAyRrwwdiqbIxxu7tDN6_QSLXL0K0efNIBw/ts
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",STAR MOVIES
http://221.120.204.4/STAR-MOVIEAS-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Star World HD
http://221.120.204.4/star-world-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Dream Works
https://vips-livecdn.fptplay.net/hda3/dreamworks_vhls.smil/chunklist_b5000000.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=063689e84408a4542e3a158073182210&key=fd205780495645c7334cbdea0dc94f17
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",Paramount
http://linearjitp-playback.astro.com.my/dash-wv/linear/5056/default_primary.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=ce17264b317db108f19cdc11aa1a9e66&key=a21188aee8fc5c56d016fcffcc6b2295
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="EXTRA",SONY PIX 
https://cdn-01.toffeelive.com/origin-08/live-origin/smil:sony_pix_hd.smil/manifest.mpd
